Now, just one more thing.
I can't help but
describe what is probably the most
famous probability problem at all.
It's called the Monty Hall Problem,
after the game show host.
The idea is that you're on a game
show and there's three doors.
Door number 1, door number 2,
and door number 3.
And behind each door is a prize.
And you know that one of the doors
contains an expensive sports car,
which you would find desirable, and
the other two doors contain a goat,
which you would find less desirable.
Now, you're given a choice, and
let's say you choose door number one.
But according to the conventions
of the game, the host,
Monty Hall,
will now open one of the doors.
Knowing that the door that
he opens contains a goat.
And he shows you door number three.
And he now gives you the opportunity
to stick with your choice or
to switch to the other door.
What I want you to tell me is,
what is your probability of wining
if you stick to door number one?
And what is the probability of wining
if you switch to door number two?